Copyright © 1996-2002 MicroStrategy, Incorporated. All rights reserved. Confidential.
Home
Shared Reports
My Reports
History List
Create Report
Portrait
Landscape
Logout
Orientation:
Search
Project
Paper size:
All rights reserved. Confidential.
PREFERENCES LEVEL
Server:
Port
User name
Password
Save my password
LOGIN
Reset report
Paper size, orientation and margins should correspond to the browser settings.
Please type in your old password and new password.
Data source
Add to my History List
Login
Error executing the document. Please contact your Administrator.
Log In as Guest
Letter 8.5" x 11"
Session error
This session is invalid because the connection has been lost. Please login again.
Legal 8.5" x 14"
Log In as Windows User
A4 8.27" x 11.69"
Folio 8.5" x 13"
Server name
Projects
WELCOME
Description
About MicroStrategy Web ##
The following servers are down:
Go to the Administrator page
Use temporary files on the Web Server?
Quick search
advanced...
History List Message Creation Time: ##
Browse a list of prepared reports available to all users.
View reports you have created and saved for future use.
Create and publish a new report on this site.
View an up-to-date summary of the status of my requests.
You are here:
Automatically
Manually
Folder ID
There are no hierarchies in this project.
object(s)
You cannot search on attributes of this type.
Page ## of ###
Load balance factor
Owner
Modified
Always
Never
Delete folder
Delete report
Delete document
folder(s)
report(s)
document(s)
This folder is empty.
Required only for Internet Explorer 4.x users.
Your project default preferences could not be saved. Your permissions on the Web folder or in its contents may be incorrect.
Search results:
Report template(s)
The "##" folder is not available.
Job ID
Report ID:
Report name:
View mode
Message ID:
Processing request...
Your request has been submitted. Please wait...
Allow the user to choose,  user default is No
Allow the user to choose,  user default is Yes
Please wait while your report is being exported.
The processing time will vary depending on the size of the report.
Last update:
You must type a report name.
The owner of one of the objects in the search results was not found. Search failed.
Step ##
Current status:
Report ready
Checking for prompts
Prompts ready
Running...
Error
Executing...
second(s)
Contact information:
Maximum number of concurrent searches:
Administrator contact info:
Requested
Check Status Again
Cancel this Request
Inside the black box below, you should see the numbers "12345" if your browser supports CSS files. Do you see these numbers?
RELATED REPORTS
Yes. My browser supports this formatting implementation.
No. Use a different formatting implementation.
Your request has timed out. Please try again later.
Go
Executing
Blue and Grey
Rows:
Grid
Graph
Messages ## - ### of ####
## - ### of ####
Save
Re-prompt
Printable version
Export data
Columns
Colorful
Agent
Classic
Accounting
Finance
Grey Bands
Use Dynamic HTML?
Pastels
Red and Black
Romantic
Small Type
Apply
Hide pivot buttons
Show pivot buttons
Move to rows
Move up
Move down
Page by this field
Move to columns
Move to the left
Move to the right
Sort
Drill
From:
To:
Drill options:
Drill on selections only
What is this?
Keep parent while drilling
Up
Down
Squares
for
Show drill mode
Hide drill mode
Sunset
Columns:
More pages
More columns
First page
Last page
No data returned for this report.
Error in call to Sleep
Hide search
Show search
Display:
Format grid
Hide toolbar
Show toolbar
Publish
No drill information available.
Hide filter details
Show filter details
Back to simple drill
The correct syntax for the Not Between operator is value1;value2
Filter details:
The filter is empty.
while drilling
- none -
There is insufficient data to display the requested chart subtype for this report. Try using another chart subtype.
Drill to
Refresh my History List
The message for the job was not found or the results could not be retrieved from MicroStrategy Server.
Clear my History List
Status
Start time
Details
Remove
Sort ascending
Sort descending
Last report:
mark as "unread"
Last document:
Ready
Waiting for prompt
Processing
Generating SQL
Executing SQL
Analytical engine processing
Looking for cache
Creating cache
Waiting in queue
Waiting on governing setting
Project is idle
Executing child reports
Preparing results
Your History List is full. To run a report you must delete one or more messages.
pages
Do not ask me again.
Continue
Due to a Web Server error, the contents of this report could not be exported.  Please try another report.
Paged by:
You are about to log out from all projects.
Please select from the following options below and click the Logout button:
Would you like to remove the finished jobs from the History List?
No
Yes
Would you like to cancel this session's pending requests?
Cancel
Only the read messages
Do not prompt me again.
LOGOUT
User may have logged out or have been idle for a long time. The connection has timed out, please try logging in again.
Due to a Web Server error, your request could not be processed. Please try again later.
Document ID:
Document name:
You can check the History List or try it later.
Error checking document status
Error number
Document ready
Prompt ready
INDEX
CONTENTS
FAQs
Last folder:
No data returned for this document
Document
Grid display
Current start page:
Default grid style:
Maximum rows in grid:
Maximum columns in grid:
Locale
Export
Excel with formatting (version 2000 or greater)
Excel without formatting
Excel with plain text
CSV file format
Open new window when exporting
Print options
Header text:
Footer text:
Login mode
Page-numbering style:
(none)
Page 1 of n
Default start page:
Enabled
Cancel this session's pending requests?
Merge column headers
Repeat column headers
Remove the finished jobs from the History List?
Apply to ALL projects.
Project defaults
(default)
Graph display
Graph size:
Use the settings stored in the report definition
Height:
Width:
Maximum number of columns to export to Excel:
Standard (user name & password)
Add reports and documents to my History List:
DOCUMENT EXTRAS
Display the "Remember My Password" checkbox on the login page
Guest
Unable to open the XSL file needed for the document output.  This file may be missing or may have errors.
Error writing graph images to the local disk. Please make sure that the local disk has space available.
Error combining the report XML with the XSL file to generate the HTML output.
Show document details
Parent folder
User preferences
My reports
You need to login into this project in order to continue.
Project Defaults
User Preferences
Use Default Values
Pages per block:
Maximum number of rows to export to Excel with  formatting or to HTML:
Maximum number of rows to export to Excel with plain text or CSV:
Change my password
Between
General
Error logging:
You can use the wildcard "?" to indicate a single character.
Windows Authentication
Use a customized security plug-in?
Security plug-in class:
You can use the wildcard "*" to indicate any number of characters.
Only at login
Before executing each report
Asynchronous mode
Synchronous mode
Time before opening the wait page:
Show subscriptions
and
Execution mode
Filter details
Record errors
INSTRUCTIONS
Hide subscriptions
Print
Prompt me on logout
Show options when printing
Record warnings
Show properties
Hide properties
maximum ##
Plain text
Print filter details:
At the beginning of the printing set
At the top of every page
Export filter details
Prompts
Number of elements to display per block:
Whole report
Portion displayed only
Back to top
You cannot login as Windows User.
You must type a folder name.
Channel Enabled (channel is visible to end users)
Error message:
Back to Parent Folder
Error executing the report
Graph type
Vertical area
Horizontal area
Vertical bar
Horizontal bar
Vertical line
Horizontal line
Pie
Scatter
Polar
Radar
Bubble
HiLo... Stock
Histogram
3D risers
3D floating
3D connect group
3D connect series
3D surface
3D scatter
Graph sub-type
Absolute
Stacked
Bipolar absolute
Bipolar stacked
Dual-axis absolute
Dual-axis stacked
Percent
Side by side
Dual-axis side by side
Bipolar side by side
Ring pie
Multiple pies
Multiple ring pies
Multiple proportional pies
Multiple proportional ring pies
Back
Image format:
Dual-axis X-Y scatter
X-Y scatter with labels
Dual-axis X-Y scatter with labels
Dual-axis polar
Polar coordinates chart
Dual-axis polar coordinates chart
Coordinates chart
Radar line
Radar stacked area
Dual-axis radar line
Dual-axis radar stacked area
Bubble dual-axis
HiLow dual-axis
HiLow-open
HiLow-open dual-axis
HiLow-open-close
HiLow-open-close dual-axis
Vertical histogram
Horizontal histogram
Bars
Pyramids
Octagons
Cut-corner bars
Cubes
Spheres
Areas
Ribbons
Steps
3D surface with sides
3D honeycomb surface
3D XYZ scatter chart
3D XYZ scatter chart with labels
X-Y scatter
HiLow
Return to folder:
Return to report:
Return to document:
Your History List is empty.
Thank you for using MicroStrategy Web.
You have been logged out.
To log in to this site again, click below.
Unable to export
You cannot export this report because it has exceeded the limits that the Administrator has set for the maximum number of columns and rows to export.
Please perform some manipulations on the report or contact the Administrator.
You must be connected to at least one project to begin using MicroStrategy Web.
There are no MicroStrategy Servers registered in the Web Server machine.
No active projects available on server ##.
Either your user name or password is incorrect. Please try again. Remember that the password is case sensitive.
Your password is incorrect. Please enter it again. Remember that the password is case sensitive.
No data for folder contents retrieved.
The report execution failed.
The report could not be retrieved from server.
The report could not be rebuilt.
Your browser settings may be incorrect. Please make sure to enable cookies.
Error accessing user's History List.
Your History List messages could not be retrieved from MicroStrategy Server.
Your History List messages could not be removed from MicroStrategy Server.
Error setting message status in MicroStrategy Server.
No folders, reports or documents found at this location.
Properties
Due to a syntax error, your pivot request was not completed.
Due to a syntax error, your page by request was not completed.
Due to a syntax error, your page by and pivot requests were not completed.
Due to a syntax error, your sort request was not completed.
Due to a syntax error, your pivot and sort requests were not completed.
Due to a syntax error, your page by and sort requests were not completed.
Due to a syntax error, your page by, pivot and sort requests were not completed.
Your report could not be displayed.
Some of your sessions could not be closed. MicroStrategy Server might close your session or MicroStrategy Server is not responding.
Some prompts cannot be displayed.
All prompts failed.
The document execution failed.
The document could not be retrieved from server.
The projects could not be displayed.
Your History List could not be displayed.
Project is offline or offline pending.
Error Saving Personal Preferences.
Your personal preferences could not be saved. Your browser settings may be incorrect.
Update Confirmation
Your personal preferences have been saved.
Cannot display page
Please contact your Administrator.
No settings found.
Your personal preferences were not found. Your browser settings may be incorrect. Please make sure to enable cookies.
Invalid information
Please correct the marked fields and try again.
The incorrect fields have been ignored and saved with default values.
The MicroStrategy Server you are trying to connect to was not found. Please try again later.
You do not have access rights to selected project.
You have selected too many objects for an object prompt.
You have selected too few objects for an object prompt.
You have selected too many elements for an element prompt
You have selected too few elements for an element prompt
This account has been disabled by the Administrator.
The password has expired.
You are not allowed to change your password.
There is no object to delete.
The correct syntax for the Between operator is value1;value2
The MicroStrategy Server version and the client version are incompatible
The function Sleep could not be called in synchronous execution.
This prompt is required and must be answered.
Please enter a value in the text box.
The connection with MicroStrategy Server has been lost. Please Log in again...
The following file has not been registered correctly in the Web Server: M8dssxml.dll. Please ask the Administrator for more details.
Please use the Administrator page to configure some projects.
One or more of the servers may be down.
Please select some elements before drill action
You can not qualify on more than one item at the same time.
The prompts for this report could not be displayed because they have already been answered.
Error loading
If you delete this folder you will also remove all its contents from the server.
Error Message List
Time
Error description
File
ASP function
API function
Comments
Level
Your password has been changed.
You are now connected to the project
as user
Change Password
Your password has expired. You will need to change it in order to connect.
Old password:
New password:
New password verification:
Password Expired
Please type in a password different from the one you had before.
Please fill in all of the text fields displayed below:
Update
SEARCH MODE
Load Default Values
Go to my History List
no more than
no less than
selections
none
Available
Selected
Find
elements
Metric
Attribute
Between (enter value1 ; value2)
Exactly
Greater than
Greater than or equal to
Less than
Less than or equal to
Like
Not Like
Value
Is
Highest
Lowest
Add
Your selections
Match
All selections
Any selection
My selections
Add to selections
Search for:
Execute Report
Save Report
Qualify on description of attribute
Back to select hierarchy
Pick a hierarchy
Other hierarchies:
Operator
Qualify
Select
Elements
Current Folder
Subfolders
Folder contents
Please enter search criteria.
List may be long.
There are no entry points in this hierarchy.
NEED HELP?
What are Shared Reports?
What is a document?
How do I select a new project?
You have reached the maximum number of messages per user. Please contact the Administrator.
What are project defaults?
Can you tell me more about project defaults?
Can end users change the project default settings?
The maximum number of messages per project has been reached. Please contact the Administrator.
What are user preferences?
What does "Apply to All projects" mean?
How do I cancel and return Home?
What does "Load Default Values" mean?
What is the History List?
How do I remove reports and documents from my History List?
How can I sort my History List?
What does "Waiting in queue" mean?
What are My Reports?
What is a report?
How do I create a report?
What does it mean to delete?
After I delete an object, can I restore it?
How can I determine that my request is ready?
What purpose does the "Add to my History List" button serve?
After you select a hierarchy on the left, you will be able to view the attributes of that hierarchy in this section.
How do I change the style of this report?
How do I rearrange the rows and columns in this report?
How do I reveal the data I cannot reach by scrolling?
How do I drill to other related data from this report?
Go to step 2
How do I perform a search?
Others
In
What different kinds of prompts are supported?
Note: Netscape 6, Internet Explorer 5 and newer versions of these browsers support DHTML.
Too many rows were returned from MicroStrategy Server. The Administrator can change the maximum number of rows to be returned through MicroStrategy Desktop.
The operators "Like" and "Not Like" do not support non-text data type.
You have selected too many qualifications for an expression prompt.
How do I obtain more details about my report or document?
You have selected too few qualifications for an expression prompt.
You have selected too many qualifications for a hierarchical prompt.
You have selected too few qualifications for a hierarchical prompt.
Why do I need a password?
Why do I need to change my password?
First time here, or just want to learn about this site?
Online help
What does it mean to log out?
Can you tell me about the security subsystem?
Why do I need to log in?
What is a cookie and how are cookies used at this Web site?
What does it mean to log in as a Guest?
Why did my password expire?
What does it mean to save a report?
Some of the default answers in this prompt were not displayed.
How can I save a report?
Why am I unable to export?
(Only text type allowed)
Not exactly
What are user privileges?
Not between (enter value1 ; value2)
What is this page for?
How do I set up a MicroStrategy Server on this Web Server?
What does it mean to publish a MicroStrategy Server on the Web?
Go to Previous Report State
Desktop
Shared reports
Create report
Wait page
Report results
Administrator Page
Password expired
Job details
If this window is still open after the export is complete, feel free to close it.
Save as
Delete
Unable to Export
User privileges
The following file has not been registered correctly in the Web Server: M9win32.dll. Please ask the Administrator for more details.
Return to:
You are about to delete this object:
However, this report can be exported to plain text by selecting this option either from preferences or when prompted before exporting.
Save the report with any prompts embedded in the filter.
Are you sure you want to delete this object?
Delete confirmation
The object does not exist in the metadata.
Your request could not be processed due to a server error.
Please try again. If the problem persists, contact the server Administrator.
SQL statement:
Report description:
Template:
Filter:
[ ... ]
Folder name:
Total number of rows:
Total number of columns:
Report path:
Document path:
Message created:
Message last updated:
Document description:
Finish time:
Job is still executing.
Save report as:
Name of the report:
Save the report as a static definition.
Prompt without selections.
Required
Optional
Create Folder
Save confirmation
Your report has been saved successfully.
Click Continue below to go back to the original report.
More options...
Run your new report:
Run the report just created, from its new location, under its new name.
Saved reports:
Browse other saved reports from the same folder as this one.
There is a report with the same name as the new one.
Overwrite
Publish report as:
Save prompt:
Save report within:
Contents of this folder:
Create folder:
You can overwrite it or save the new report with another name.
There is a folder with the same name as the new one.
Please use a different folder name.
You have entered an invalid name.
Select a different name and try again.
Save report with all the embedded prompts.
Simple
Contains
Begins with
Ends with
Location:
In all folders
Only inside folder
Drill mode
Find all objects
Created
The version of the MicroStrategy Server you are trying to connect to is not compatible with this version of MicroStrategy Web. It must be ## or higher.
Between
During the previous
Created by any user
Created only by me
Description includes:
and
Advanced
Search Page
Check the name of the object.
Consult the ## section.
Date created/modified:
Day(s)
Hour(s)
Year(s)
Month(s)
Search Help
Search tips:
Use the "Contains" criteria.
Week(s)
Your search for ## returned no results.
Your search returned no results.
Object type:
Try ##advanced search### for more search options.
Advanced preferences
If you want to answer the prompt in the document again, please run the document from scratch.
New search
Search details
object(s) found
If manually, how many of the most recently run reports and documents do you want to keep available for manipulation?
Note: These reports and documents will be available for manipulation even if they are not saved into the History List.
Access denied
The following privilege is required to access the resource you requested:
Please contact the MicroStrategy Server Administrator to verify the required privilege is granted.
Warning: This document could not be saved into History List.
HISTORY LIST EXTRAS
This prompt requires a value between ## and ###.
This prompt requires a value no less than ##.
This prompt requires a value no more than ##.
This prompt requires a value no later than ##.
This prompt requires a value no earlier than ##.
Allow drilling with hyperlinks only
Allow simple drill
Allow drill anywhere
You do not have the privileges to save reports in the "Shared Reports" folder.
You do not have the privileges to save reports in the "My Reports" folder.
The text you typed is too long. Please type it again.
The text you typed is too short. Please type it again.
You do not have sufficient permission to access the resource you requested. If the problem persists, please contact the MicroStrategy Server Administrator.
Invalid name for security plug-in class
Invalid user name/password. Please make sure the security plug-in is properly installed and registered.
Not between
The MicroStrategy Server is not available. It may be disconnected or down.
Error details:
MicroStrategy Web XMLAPI Error ID:
The Web Server encountered an unknown runtime error.
Please check the MicroStrategy Web log file for details.
You cannot export this report because it has exceeded the limits that the Administrator has set for the maximum number of columns and rows to export to Excel, CSV, or HTML.
Disable all drilling
Warning: This report could not be saved into History List.
Connected servers:
Cluster
Connect mode
Loaded
Busy
Free
Maximum pool size
Action
Show attribute form names
Change
Disconnect
Connect
Modify
Unconnected servers:
Initial pool size
User manually connects Web to Intelligence Server
Automatically connect to Intelligence Server when Web Server or Intelligence Server is restarted
Show All Available Servers
Refresh
Add a server manually
Server property detail
Connected
All available servers
No MicroStrategy Servers are currently available.
No MicroStrategy Servers are currently connected.
No MicroStrategy Server has been disconnected recently.
This action could not be performed because you do not have write access for this object or its parent folder.
What is the purpose of a prompt?
Hide All Available Servers
ABOUT
The folder you are trying to open does not exist in this project.
The report you are trying to run does not exist in this project.
The document you are trying to run does not exist in this project.
System hierarchy
Next project(s)
Previous projects
ASP version:
XML API version:
Browser version:
MicroStrategy Web cookies:
MicroStrategy Server version:
Show graph reports by default in 'Grid and Graph' view mode
Hide grid
Record path of function calls that caused errors
Up
Down
Error loading XML data.
One of the XML nodes needed is not available. Please ask the Administrator for more details.
The following file has not been registered correctly in the Web Server: scrrun.dll. Please ask the Administrator for more details.
The following file has not been registered correctly in the Web Server: MSXML.dll. Please ask the Administrator for more details.
Network internal error: failed to unpack message. It may be caused by incompatible versions of MicroStrategy Web and MicroStrategy Intelligence Server.
Error in login
Error in change password
Error in shared reports
Error in my reports
Error in prompts
Error in report results
Error in History List
Error in job details
Error in save as
Error in search
Error in delete
Error in create report
Error in online help
Error in logout
The file does not exist.
Error opening file.
Error reading file.
MicroStrategy Server error:
Error loading projects
Error reading prompt definition from MicroStrategy Server. Please execute the report or document again.
Error loading prompt question.
Show children reports
Hide children reports
Your second new password does not match the first. Please try again.
Show children reports for documents
Hide children reports for documents
You are not allowed to change someone else's password
There has been an error trying to read the help files. Try again and if you get the same problem contact the Web Server Administrator.
Error finding the folder.
Browsing
Documents
Invalid drill request. The request was cancelled.
The drilling command could not be executed.
Drilling
Error executing the job.
Error while displaying the prompts.
Time before page refresh:
Sort by:
Warnings
Errors
Previous ##
Next ##
MicroStrategy Web is a product of
Exporting
Graph formatting
Grid formatting
GUESTS
You don't have an account?
You can enter this site as our guest. Just click below.
Incremental fetch
You can try to log in to this site using your Windows credentials. Just click the link below.
Log in - log out - security
Page-by
Welcome
If you are not ##,
click here
Preferences
Pivoting
Show report details
Back to parent folder
Printing
Report and document execution
Saving reports
View Error log
Select a day:
Month
Day
Year
Messages
Remove from selections
## minimum
Always keep
Always delete
Prompt user on logout
Prompt user on print
Prompt user
Number of objects to display per block:
Shared reports and my reports
Sorting
Sort list
Click on the column title that you wish to sort.
Back to the report
Please ask the MicroStrategy Server Administrator to link this Windows User account to a MicroStrategy Server User or ask them to set the Web Server properly.
Please wait...
Header file:
Footer file:
Use the advanced search to specify restrictions on dates, object types, and descriptions.
The project defaults have been saved.
Please enter a valid date.
FOLDER DESCRIPTION
Print options enable you to customize the appearance of the report prior to printing.
Once the report is displayed, you can print the report using your browser's printing capabilities.
In (enter value1; value2; ...; valueN)
Error when answering the prompt. Please review your answer(s).
Maximum number of rows per page:
Maximum number of columns per page:
Default number of rows per page:
Default number of columns per page:
The HTML template was not found in the MicroStrategy Server.
Hide help
Show help
Hide this section
Show this section
Grid style
Use the format stored in the report definition
Use my selected default grid style
Unknown report style
Web Server
Server busy timeout:
Use the guidelines provided to size the report for printing.
This prompt requires between ## and ### selections.
This prompt requires at least ## selections.
This prompt cannot accept more than ## selections.
Grid rows per printed page:
Grid columns per printed page:
Error in document results
Add...
Request method
Advanced preferences:
Execute Document
Technical support
The results for this report are no longer available.  Please submit the request again.
Determine automatically
Re-execute Report
Re-execute Document
Error getting prompt answer XML.
REPORT EXTRAS
Show Advanced Information
GRAPH STYLES
Hide Advanced Information
This prompt requires exactly ## selections.
The contents of this page could not be displayed because the MicroStrategy Server is not running. Please contact the Administrator.
Error in the Administrator page
The following file has not been registered correctly in the Web Server: MAWeb.dll. Please ask the Administrator for more details.
The Web Server encountered an error when refreshing the server clusters.
The Web Server encountered an error when connecting to server:
The Web Server encountered an error when disconnecting server:
The Web Server encountered an error when retrieving the server cluster information.
The Web Server encountered an error when checking for available MicroStrategy Servers and loading them.
Name
List view
Large icons view
Incorrect server name.
German
English (US)
Spanish (Spain)
French
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Swedish
English (Great Britain)
Spanish (Mexico)
Default
The attribute is locked
Element list cannot be displayed
metrics
previous ## pages
next ## pages
first ## pages
Copyright
Refresh data
This prompt allows only one selection.
The export options enable you to customize the format and appearance of the data prior to exporting.
Click Export to proceed with the exporting.
Export Options
Please type valid values separated by semicolon(s).
Request timeout:
Incorrect number format, please try again.
Maximum number of elements for search:
Search timeout:
Please enter a server name in the text box at the bottom of the page.
The search found more than ## objects.  Only the first ## objects will be displayed.
Open folder
Follow the instructions marked below by a red flag.
Warning!
Execute report
The graph for this report is not available for MicroStrategy Web users.
The contents of this page could not be displayed because the project is in idle mode. Please contact the MicroStrategy Server Administrator.
This action could not be performed because you do not have write access for this folder or for this report.
If the number of rows in your report exceeds the limit set by the Administrator, your report will be exported to plain text.
This prompt requires at least 1 selection.
This prompt cannot accept more than 1 selection.
Creating new job
Wrong parameters in the URL
The following parameters are required in the URL:
Applies to all projects except to those with an alias.
Maximum title length:
Applies to all projects.
Maximum number of tabs per page:
Project alias:
Show tab for this project
Project display
MM/DD/YYYY
HH:MM:SS PM
Open new window when printing
An expression or a group of elements from one attribute is equivalent to one selection.
The XSL file for this document may be missing or may contain an improperly formatted XSL.
Note: These options do not apply to prompts and filter editors containing predefined lists of elements or objects.
More...
.
Please select one item for qualification.
Error in report
Error in document
This action could not be performed because you do not have object creation privilege.
Export numeric values as:
Numbers
Text
Refresh report:
Retrieve data from the latest valid MicroStrategy Server cache
Re-execute against the warehouse
Hide totals
Show totals
This report exceeded the number of cells allowed by the MicroStrategy Server XML governor.
Summary
Print the grid and the graph on the same page
Filter on Selections
Column headers:
Expand the following page by fields when printing:
Maximum number of rows to export to plain text:
Maximum number of columns to export to HTML or plain text:
Prompt me on export
Show options when exporting
Export grids to:
Export graphs to:
When exporting the grid with the graph, export the grid:
With formatting
Without formatting
In plain text
Portuguese (Brazil)
Use hyperlinks on report to:
Drill immediately
Open pop-up menu
View prompts:
All on one page
Each on a separate page
Always display required prompts first
Return to the Administrator Page
An error occurred in the report
An error occurred in the document
Maximum number of series and categories:
Series:
Categories:
Match case
Location
Delimiter:
Comma
Tab
Semicolon
Space
filter(s)
template(s)
Previous
Next
Steps ## - ### of ####
Return to report
First ## steps
Last ## steps
or
Back to Prompt
Summary of your selections
Error in folder contents
Prompt not answered
Your selection:
Prompt ##
The default selection is:
Export documents to:
The results of scheduled reports get added to the History List.
Outline
The value of each preference must be equal to or less than the value of the preference directly above it.
Show Printable Version
My Subscriptions
View a list of the reports to which you are subscribed.
Subscribe
To subscribe to this report, please select a schedule and personalization below.
Are you sure you want to delete this channel?
With the following personalization:
Add subscription
You are subscribed to the following schedules for this report:
Schedule
Personalized
Unsubscribe
Edit
Subscriptions
Choose a schedule:
The new report will overwrite older versions of itself.
This option is automatically turned on for users without access to the History List.
You have ## ###subscription(s)#### to this report.
Allow the user to change this preference
Merge
Repeat
The SQL generation is not complete.
Click 'Show Printable Version' to show how the report will look when printed.
Not
Rank between
Exclude highest
Exclude lowest
Rank not between
Rank equal to
Rank not equal to
Report base level
Report level
Default level
Unknown level
If you want to see the report results, switch the view mode to Grid. Please contact the Administrator for more details.
The Grid Preferences for the maximum number of rows will be ignored for this report.
If you wish to answer these prompts again, please click the Re-prompt link next to the report.
Child metrics
If No, then:
You have ## ###subscription(s)#### to this document.
Remove this column
Error in My Subscriptions
Are you sure you want to overwrite this subscription?
Overwrite confirmation
You are about to overwrite this subscription:
Report limit:
Java Virtual Machine
Your information source credentials have been changed.
You do not have any subscriptions.
Project list:
Show all the projects connected to the Web Server before the user logs in
Log in, then show the projects accessible by the supplied login
The password supplied is incorrect or the user name and password you provided do not access any of the projects currently available to the system.
Delete template
Delete filter
Information not available
Template details:
Your template has been saved successfully.
Your filter has been saved successfully.
There is a template with the same name as the new one.
You can overwrite it or save the new template with another name.
There is a filter with the same name as the new one.
You can overwrite it or save the new filter with another name.
Reports
Addresses
Services
About
Help
Your request is being processed.  Please wait...
MicroStrategy Narrowcast Server is a product of
Options
Quick Search
Service Folders
Error Code
Error Description
Error displaying folders
Up one level
Error displaying child folders
Description:
Service
Address
Personalization
Metrics
Save changes
New Users
User name:
Password:
You can create a new account. Just click below.
Create a new account
Choose an address:
Create new address
An error has occurred on this page.
Error retrieving addresses
You do not have any compatible addresses.
Error retrieving schedules
There are no schedules available.
(No service description available)
Error displaying subscriptions
There are no services in this folder.
There are no subscriptions to this service.
QUICK LINKS
ANNOUNCEMENTS
Back to Home
Back to Addresses
Back to Reports
Back to Services
Error during login
Either the User name or Password was incorrect. Please enter them again.
Either the User name or Password was blank. Please enter them again.
Error during address operation
Please try again or contact your system administrator.
One or more address fields were blank. Please try again.
Error during subscription operation
Error while creating a new account
The Password and Confirm password did not match. Please enter them again.
Either the User name, Password, or Password hint was blank.
Error creating new user account
Create New User
Confirm password:
Password hint:
Cancel Request
Your request has been cancelled.
Click on a tab above to continue.
No addresses created
Retrieving schedules for subscription
Retrieving user addresses for subscription
Retrieving service information
Retrieving services in folders
Retrieving user subscriptions
Retrieving prompt for subscription
Updating user subscriptions
Updating user addresses
Creating new user
Validating user login
Retrieving user addresses
Retrieving folders
Processing...
Confirm new password:
Confirm address deletion
Confirm subscription deletion
Are you sure you want to delete the address?
Are you sure you want to delete the subscription(s) to the following service(s)?
User options
Your options have been saved.
Locale:
JavaScript:
Use JavaScript?
Status:
Error retrieving reports
Error displaying report
Report:
Created:
Expires:
Report folders
Pending
This report is not currently available.
There was an error while retrieving your reports.
There was an error while displaying this report.
Attachments
Retrieving report
There are no reports in this folder.
There are no schedules defined on this project.
Save personalization as:
Error saving personalization
There was an error while saving your personalization.
Forgot your password?
Enter your User name and click "Display password hint."
Display password hint
Your password hint is:
Error retrieving password hint
There was an error while retrieving your password hint.
Back to Login
Retrieving password hint
Updating user profile
Retrieving address information
Saving subscription information
Please enter an address name.
Please enter an address name without the following characters:
Please enter an address.
Please enter an address without spaces or the following characters:
Please enter your address in the form of username@server.type as in the following example: jsmith@abccompany.com
The following file has not been registered correctly in the Web Server: M9StrUtl.dll. Please ask the Administrator for more details.
Thank you for using MicroStrategy Narrowcast Server.
There was not a file submitted to the Web Server.
This User name is already taken. Please enter a different User name.
The file contains an invalid extension. The file extensions allowed are: ##
Error updating user profile
There was an error while updating your user profile.
The old password is incorrect.  Please enter it again.
The new password and confirmation did not match. Please enter them again.
Error retrieving data
There was an error while loading XML. Please contact the system administrator.
MicroStrategy Narrowcast Server 7.1
Build
System Administrator Contact Information
E-mail:
Phone:
Enter a Password hint that will remind you of your password.
The PIN and confirmation did not match. Please enter them again.
Save template within:
Save filter within:
Save template as:
Save filter as:
Report
Template
Filter
RUN FILTER + TEMPLATE
Run this filter:
with this template:
Select a template
Select a filter
To sign up for an account, please enter the following information below.
Required information is noted with a red asterisk (*).
Please enter a user name and password for your new account.  Make sure you enter your password twice.
Enter a hint as closely associated to your password as possible.
Please enter an e-mail address.
(for example: name@company.com)
You're done! Click the "Create a new account" button below.
Please enter your login credentials for the following Information Source(s).
One or more errors were encountered when processing your request for a new account.
Please follow the red instructions below and try again.
The password hint was blank. Please enter it again.
Change my passwords
You may change one or more of your passwords below.
Your account login.
You're done! Click the "Finish" button below.
Finish
One or more errors were encountered when processing your change password request.
Either the old or new password was blank. Please enter them again.
Import filter:
Allowed file extensions:
Note: Separate each extension with commas (i.e: ext1, ext2, ext3).
Maximum size of the files to upload:
Prompt details:
Please enter the required user name(s) and password(s) below.
Get Contents
You specified a file that exceeds the maximum size (## Kb) allowed by the Administrator.
Warning: Not all drill paths appear because of a governing option in MicroStrategy Desktop.
The contents of the file does not meet the format required to process its data.
Deliveries
Until:
Click a document name to the left to view that document here.
Send to my Reports page
Send to:
Every:
Sign up for a Service
Browse a list of prepared services available to all users.
View your scheduled reports.
Specify your contact information for your subscription deliveries.
Customize these screens according to your browser and viewing preferences.
Subscribe to:
Personalize your subscription
Personalize your subscription to this service by answering the question(s) listed below.
Finished!
To remove a subscription, you must select a checkbox, and then click Unsubscribe.
To remove a report or document from History List, you must select a check box, and then click Remove.
Scheduling
SUBSCRIBED REPORTS
Your user session has been lost, and you have been automatically logged out.  Please log in again.
Deactivate my account
Your account has been deactivated.
Are you sure you want to deactivate your account?
Once you deactivate your account, you will no longer receive services or be able to log in. Your account can only be reactivated by the portal administrator.
Please choose a language.
Enabled (subscription will be delivered on the specified schedule)
Language:
Change information source credentials
Change credentials
One or more errors were encountered when processing your request to change information source credentials.
A3 11.69" x 16.54"
SDK version:
Transactor Server:
Load File
Channels
Active
Add a new channel
Active Channel
Inactive Channel
Delete the Channel
Create New Channel
Edit Channel
To create a new channel, you'll need to perform the following steps:
Publish a folder of services for the channel.
Give the channel a name.
Do not show this page again.
Site Name and Description
Enter a name for this new channel:
Enter a description for this channel (optional):
Error source
Select the elements you want to keep and press the Filter button.
If you do not select any elements, all the data will remain in the new report.
Filter
Hide filter on selections
Show filter on selections
Hide report menu
Show report menu
This account has been deactivated. Please contact the administrator to reactivate this account.
The User name was blank. Please enter it again.
The Password was blank. Please enter it again.
Spanish
English
Maximum number of elements to import:
Shared Filters
Shared Templates
My Objects
Import filter from a file:
Enter a new address:
Device Types
rename ...
definition ...
Device Folders
edit device folders ...
Rename
Large icon URL:
Small icon URL:
Address format:
E-mail
This is the standard format for Internet e-mail addresses.
Format: xxxx@xxxxxx.xxx
Numeric
Display fields:
Edit fields:
Address Name
Address Value
Style
PIN
Delivery Block
Device Type Name:
Confirm Device Type Deletion
Are you sure you want to delete Device Type '##'?
New Definition
Definition
Available:
Selected:
No folders selected.
Save the filter as a static definition.
Save any prompts within the filter.
Save the template as a static definition.
Save any prompts within the template.
Your report designer chose to have a shopping cart and text file style represent this prompt.
Because you have DHTML turned off, you cannot use the import text file feature.
You may use the shopping cart to answer this prompt.
This action could not be performed because the project is locked.
Automatic page-by
You cannot export this report because it has exceeded the limits that the Administrator has set for the maximum number of columns and rows to export to Excel, or HTML.
However, this report can be exported to Excel with plain text, CSV or plain text by selecting this option either from preferences or when prompted before exporting.
Create new device type
Use this format for a string of numbers only.
Format: ########
No device types have been created.
Confirm PIN
Inactive
Please enter a numeric value for the address in the following form: #########
Help with:
Either the user name or password was incorrect for one or more information sources. Please try again.
You do not have any reports.
Select a schedule for this service to be delivered.
Select a schedule from the list below.
Select where you would like this service to be delivered.
To sign up, complete the following steps:
Select a service.
Specify a schedule and an address.
Personalize your service content (if applicable).
Personalize your service content.
On the following pages you can personalize the content of this service by providing answers to the questions. Click Next to proceed.
If your hint does not assist you in remembering your password, contact your System Administrator so your password may be reset.
OK
Success!
Your subscription has been saved successfully.
Font type:
Save Selections As (optional)
Make new selections
Choose from this list of previously saved selections:
Choose one:
Apply these selections
The project ## could not be found in the server ###.
Level:
(DISABLED)
Administrator information:
After modifying the portal repository connection, you need to reconfigure the site information.
After modifying the Subscription Engine location, you need to reconfigure the portal repository connection and the site information.
After: ## days.
Change Name and Description
Configuration
Configured?
Database connection name:
Database connections
Database connections:
Default Device:
Default language:
Default new users locale:
Default use DHTML:
Disable
Do you want to continue?
Document repository:
Enable creation of new users:
Enter the name of the server running the subscription engine:
Enter an unique name and description of this portal.
Interface settings:
Information Source
Information Sources
Logging level:
Mandatory
Portal Repository
Metadata DB alias:
Metadata DB connection:
Metadata tables prefix:
New users expiration:
No expiration
On:
Or mirror an existing site:
Telephone number:
Please select how users will log in to the information sources of this project:
Portal Configuration
Portal Device:
Click the button to configure this site:
Object Repository
Project Settings:
Provide credentials
Recently used portal subscription engines server locations:
Select a different portal
Select portal
Select an existing site definition or click Add a new site definition.
Setting
Portal Devices
Portal Information
Site Preferences
Subscription Book Repository
Subscription Engine Location
Subscription Engine properties
Tables prefix:
Temp files directory:
MicroStrategy Narrowcast Server Portal Designer allows administrators to easily create Web subscription portals where users can subscribe to Narrowcast Server services through a Web browser.
This Portal is not ready to be accessed by end users. In order to make it available, all of the following must be configured:
Use project credentials
Welcome to MicroStrategy Narrowcast Server Subscription Portal Designer.
Overwrite report font
Select and prioritize the fonts for the interface.
MicroStrategy Web will apply the first font in the prioritized list that is available on the end user's machine.
There are no channels defined for this site
Select the Channels Folder
The value for the ## is not valid. If this value is not properly set, some actions of the portal designer will fail.
Please verify that the id on the #1 file point to valid Locale in the Project repository.
To fix this issue, please continue in the ## page.
The default values for the ## are not valid. Please verify that the ids on the #1 file point to valid objects in the Project repository.
Some or all of the default ## had invalid definitions. Please verify that the services folders on the ##  file point to valid folders in the Project repository.
An unexpected error occurred while setting the defaults. Please refer to the ## for more details.
A site was created successfully in the MD, however some errors were detected while trying to set the default values:
The database connection "#1" does not point to a database containing portal repository tables with the prefix "#2".
Do you wish to create them?
Metadata Tables Creation
Default Site Name
Site with default values
Use a New Site:
Select Portal Device
Select Default Device
Please provide a name for the Site Definition.
Please enter a name without the following characters: 
Please enter a description without the following characters: 
Please provide the name of the machine running the Subscription Engine.
Please provide a directory for the temp files.
Please enter a path for the temp files directory without the following characters: 
Please enter a valid number for the number of days.
The name of the machine cannot contain the following characters: 
Select a Device Style
To find the style of your device, complete the following steps:
Select a category.
Select a style.
Click on a device category for:
Click on a device style for:
There are no device styles in this category.
Device style information not found.
No styles available.
No validation
Address value can be any text string.
Format: any numbers and the following characters - ( )
Please enter a value for the address in the following form: any numbers and the following characters - ( )
Engine Configuration
Site Management
Select the database connection for the Portal Repository.
Select the database connection for the Object Repository.
Select the database connection for the Subscription Book Repository.
Use same database connection for the Subscription Book Repository.
Add a new database connection
Add a new site definition
Site Definition
Select the site definition to be used by this server: 
Database
You must provide a name for the machine running the Subscription Engine
Create Your Start Page
Error while creating your page
You have not created your start page. Please follow the steps below.
Choose a title for your page:
Select a style for the layout:
Select the component you want to see on each panel:
Save My Start Page
See My Page
My Start Page
First panel:
Second panel:
Third panel:
Error deleting user profile
The profile can't be deleted because it's shared by more than one subscription
There are no Information Sources defined for this site.
View existing subscriptions for this service
Portal Management
The following Subscription Portals have been detected on this web server.
Select a Portal below to edit its configuration.
Create New Subscription Portal
Create New Portal
Portal name
To create a new subscription portal, specify the name of the virtual directory:
HISTORY LIST DESCRIPTION
Please enter a default address.
Format: any text or numeric characters
Please enter an address in the following form: any text or numeric characters
Each site definition is distinguished by its unique name and description.
By creating a unique name for each definition you will know which portal contains which properties the end user will actually see when they access the  Virtual Directory.
It is best to provided a thorough description of the site definition, so any designer will know at a glance what properties the site contains.
The concept of a "site definition" is set of properties that define what the user will actually see through the browser when they access the URL of any given virtual directory.
A portal can use one of any site definitions.
The following list contains site definitions that exist in the current portal repository.
It is possible for two or more portals, on the same or different machines to point to the same site definition.
You may either select an existing site definition or create a new site definition.
Select an existing site definition to be used by this server, or click Add a new site definition.
Integration with the delivery engine enables users to specify service personalization, schedules and the device where they would like to receive the information.
The Portal Designer allows administrators to set default settings such as language and DHTML usage.
As the Portal Designer you have the following responsibilities:
configure and manage the subscription portal to allow end users to subscribe to a variety of services on the Web
configure data sources and portal layouts
publish services and device types
select default devices for the subscription portal
specify information source properties and default portal preferences
The Portal Designer provides you with the capability to:
configure the subscription engine
select or edit the portal configuration
create or select the site definition
configure static and dynamic service offerings
Click NEXT to begin.
The Object Repository stores scheduling information, service and device definitions.
The following table contains existing database connections where data may be stored.
You may select an existing connection or create a new alias in the current portal repository.
For more information on database aliases refer to the readme file that accompanied the software.
If the same connection is going to be used for the Subscription Book Repository, select the check box and you will advance directly to the channels screen.
The Subscription Book Repository stores subscription data including end users, addresses, personalization and subscription sets.
A typical installation will install the subscription engine on the same machine (i.e., localhost).
The Portal Repository stores configuration settings that define the end user's subscription portal interface.
This information includes:
site names and descriptions
channel settings
published services
device folders
default preferences
The Database Alias is used to define database connectivity for the subscription engine.  This allows the subscription engine to execute the indicated queries originated by the subscription portal.
You may select an existing Database Alias or create a new one.
Select an existing Database Alias where the Portal Metadata is located:
The Site Management Wizard will assist you through the various functions to successfully configure the site definition.
The site definition contains the list of properties, configurations and settings that are used by a portal to define the layout and content displayed for the end user.
This wizard consists of the following topics:
Selecting, editing, and creating a site definition
Publish services for the site definition
Selecting, editing  and publishing device types
Specify information sources module properties
Specify default preferences for the site definition
The Portal Management Wizard will assist you if you need to edit an existing portal configuration or create a new subscription portal.
Portal detection and editing
Create new subscription portal
The concept of "portal" refers to the actual set of ASP pages that are installed on the Web server machine and the virtual directory that points to those files.
The following subscription portals have been detected on this web server.
Select the portal you would like to work with.
Click remove to delete the Portal from list of available options.
Suppose you have created several portals, one for Managers, another for Directors and a third for Associates.  However, you now need to create one for Engineers.
There is not a subscription portal that is configured exactly to the specifications you need.  You can create one from this location by entering a portal name and the location of the portal.
The following list contains sites that already exist in the current portal repository.  It is possible for two or more physical sites, on the same or different machines to point to the same site definition.
You may select one of the existing site definitions or create a new site definition.al repository.
Defining a new channel consists of selecting a Folder from a series of existing services within the Narrowcast repository, assigning a name and description to the channel and publishing it to the Subscription Portal.
Select a Folder from the table below and click Next.
When you publish a new Channels folder you are publishing all the contents within that folder.  You may opt to change the folder name to better reflect the contents of the folder.
A description, although optional, can be entered to provide a better idea of what this channel would be best suited for.
A check box is provided to indicate if this channel and its properties will be available to the end users.
Channel Name and Description
A device is a specific means of delivering subscription content to the end user.  Each address that a user creates in the portal is designed to use only one device, such as Outlook 98 or Outlook 2000.
The device type is a group of devices for the user to select how they will receive the content. When a new site definition is created four standard device types will be created and configured automatically.
The types are:
Personal Digital Assistants
Mobile Phones
Pagers
Electronic Mail
These default devices are created when MicroStrategy Narrowcast Portal Designer is installed and the folders associated with these devices are stored in the Narrowcast Repository.
From this wizard you have the following options available:
rename a specific device type
modify a device type definition
delete a device type to be supported by the portal
edit the device type folder
create a new device type
For each new device type definition, you will need to specify the device type name, the large and small icon URL, the address format and which fields will be used when displaying and editing.
This screen allows you to add or remove elements from the folder for this specific device type.
Elements on the left are available, but not active on this device type.  Elements on the right are currently selected for this specific device type.
In this context, a device is a specific way of delivering content to the end user.  The defaults provided are "generic e-mail client" and "portal device."  You may change the defaults if you have other needs.
Click on the appropriate device to change the selection.
For each information source you will need to specify whether users will need to enter their authentication information, such as a user name and password.
If the project credentials are used, the authentication mechanism will be skipped and the users will be transferred to the information they have requested.
There are also the options to require user credentials or to make them optional.
The default value is to not allow users to enter any authentication for any information source.
You will need to change the requirement if you would like to have authentication measures in place.
Select the settings for the remainder of the site properties.
The site preferences control how the default values are set for users of the portal interface.  You may change any of the settings by modifying the information that appears on this page.
Congratulations! You have successfully configured this site!
Click the Finish button to launch the browser and login to this portal.
If you notice any changes that need to be made use the Portal Designer's Portal Management tool to reconfigure the site definition or preferences.
Origin
Portal
Admin
User IP Address
Error creating subscription
Please make sure you have a default profile for the question object.
Error retrieving question object information from MicroStrategy Narrowcast Server.
Trace
Information
Warning
Use these selections by default
Session variables
Associated site
Not applicable
Please provide a name for the portal.
Are you sure you want to delete this device type?
Are you sure you want to delete this portal?
Are you sure you want to delete this site?
Please provide a name for the JData Connect server
Please provide a name for the database connection
Please provide a name for the ODBC data source
Add database connection
ODBC data source name:
Test database connection?
Overview
The site definition you selected uses an invalid database connection for the Subscription Book Repository. Please edit the site definition to use a valid database connection or select a different site definition.
The site definition you selected uses an invalid version of the Subscription Book Repository Tables. Please edit the site definition to use a valid repository or select a different site definition.
The site definition you selected uses an invalid database connection for the Object Repository. Please edit the site definition to use a valid database connection or select a different site definition.
The site definition you selected uses an invalid version of the Object Repository tables. Please edit the site definition to use a valid repository or select a different site definition.
Incorrect database connection definition for portal repository tables.  Please select another one.
Database tables exist, but are not the correct version.  Please enter another prefix.
Could not establish a connection to the Portal Metadata.  Please verify the information you entered.
Error saving database alias connection
An unexpected error occurred while setting the new database alias connection.
There are no database connections defined.
This page allows you to create or edit new channels for this site definition.
Please provide a name for the Channel.
Please select the devices supported by this site.
Please select the default device that will be used when creating new addresses and the default portal device for sending services to the "My Reports" page.
Please select the values for the remaining site properties.
Services Configuration
Static Subscriptions
Dynamic Subscriptions
Storage
Pick Alternate Question
MicroStrategy Subscription Portal will publish the services in the folder you select.  However, some services require additional configuration.
Please specify the default configuration for these services below.
To configure a specific service individually, click the # button below.
Configure Services
Static subscription sets
Dynamic subscription sets
Hide page-by questions from subscribers
Answer page-by questions with:
Hide unconfigured subscription set from subscribers
MicroStrategy Narrowcast Server Portal Designer enables the configuration of subscription data storage at the individual service level.
You will be asked to select the service you wish to configure and then you will be shown the static and dynamic subscription sets associated with this service.
For both static and dynamic subscription sets, you configure the question object for the service selected.
In addition, you can add additional question objects to prompt subscribers for information.
For dynamic subscription sets, you will configure the storage of the subscription data.
You have configured the following service(s). Click 'Edit' to edit the existing configuration or click on the folder name to configure other services in that folder.
To configure another service, click # below.
This service has one or more static subscription sets associated with it.  Subscribers in these subscription sets will be stored in the Subscription Book Repository.
Static subscription sets default settings
To define a single configuration for all static subscription sets, click below.  This default will be used by all sets for this service.
Configured:
configure
Configure static subscription sets individually
To configure a static subscription set individually, click on the configure link next to the set.  Subscription sets that have not been configured will use the system defaults.
 This service does not contain any static subscription sets.
Page-by questions will not be shown to subscribers.  However, you may select an alternative question that will be shown to subscribers.
Please select a question object below.
Please select the location for the answers to this question.
You can either:
Use the #
OR use one of the following storage mappings:
Tables
Add a new storage mapping
Clear
Please select the database tables where the information will be stored.
Data Warehouse:
select database connection
Filter columns by:
Available Tables:
Selected Tables:
Please select the table columns where you wish the information to be stored.
Drag and drop components from the left to the table columns on the right.
Answer Components
General:
Subscription Components
Configuring:
Default Service Configuration
You have selected to configure the above service.  You can either  keep the default preferences listed below or specify additional settings for individual subscription sets in the next steps.
Service Defaults
Page-by Questions
Additional Questions
You can prompt subscribers for additional questions by editing the information below.
This service contains the following page-by question:
You have chosen to display this question object:
in place of this page-by question:
Warehouse Storage
Change selections
Related links
Sign up for this service again
Sign up for another service
View all your subscriptions
Please pick a profile for this question object.
JData Connect server name
You have successfully created your account.
If you forget your password, this hint will be displayed and upon seeing this hint again you should be reminded of your password.
Export all values as text
Select Service
Select Storage
Select Tables
Select Columns
Configure Subscription Set
Select Question
Exit Configure Services
Please select the service you wish to configure.
Question
Publication(s)
Dynamic subscription sets default settings
This service has one or more dynamic subscription sets associated with it. Subscribers in theses subscription sets will be stored in the warehouse using storage mappings.
Save this storage mapping as:
To define a single configuration for all dynamic subscription sets, click below. This default will be used by all sets for this service.
Configure dynamic subscription sets individually
To configure a dynamic subscription set individually, click on the configure link next to the set. Subscription sets that have not been configured will use the system defaults.
Additional Question
The question you have selected, cannot be used in the Subscription Portal.
Please go back and select a different question.
The answer to the question you have selected, can be stored either on the subscription book repository or on some other location using a storage mapping.
If you select to store the answer in the subscription book repository, the answer itself will be stored there.
If you select to use a storage mapping, a Preference ID of the question will be stored in the subscription book repository, and the answers are stored based on the storage mapping definition.
The answer to the question you have selected, has to be stored using a storage mapping. This is because it prompts the user to select from a list of elements, and the user may pick more than one.
When you use a storage mapping to store the answers, a Preference ID of the question will be stored in the subscription book repository, and the answers are stored based on the storage mapping definition.
Please select the storage mapping to use with this question:
Database connection
Custom value:
custom
Add a question:
Browse
Answer to another question:
Subscription Set Storing Mapping
New Storing Mapping for #
This service does not contain any dynamic subscription sets.
Site Preferences Overview
Edit Portal Configuration Overview
If it has been installed on a separate machine enter the name of that machine here.
site definition
Enter the database connection information:
Personalize your service content. On the following pages you can indicate what you want to be the content of this service by answering the questions. Click Next to proceed.
Site Preferences Overview
A channel is a visual element within the subscription portal.  It presents the project information in a way so navigation is easier for the end user.
Each channel is mapped to one folder of services in the Object Repository.
There was an error while trying to establish a connection to the subscription engine.  Either the server name is incorrect or the subscription engine is not running on this server.  Please locate the subscription engine and enter the location again.
Defining a new channel requires selecting a folder from the Object Repository.  Select the channel folder to be displayed.
This Service does not contain any page-by questions to configure.
Services Configuration Overview
Configured
There was an error attempting to validate the database connection.  (#)  Please verify your information and try again.
The connection to the subscription engine could not be established
The database connection definition provided by the administrator is incorrect
Warning!  If you delete this database connection, the objects using it (i.e., Object Repository, storage mappings, etc.) will become invalid.
Wrong datasource name
Do you wish to delete '#' ?
Delete a database connection
-- select a database connection --
Preference ID for: #
Answer for: #
User does not exist.
Choose a title for your page:
Create Your Start Page
CSV file format
Error while creating your page
Export metric values as text (Excel only)
First panel:
However, this report can be exported to Excel with plain text, CSV or plain text by selecting this option either from preferences or when prompted before exporting.
Maximum number of columns to export to Excel:
Maximum number of rows to export to Excel with plain text or CSV:
Save My Start Page
Second panel:
See My Page
Select a style for the layout:
Select the component you want to see on each panel:
Third panel:
You have not created your start page. Please follow the steps below.
My Start Page
Cache Storage Mechanism
Home
Display summary page for personalized services:
report
document
PDF
Shrink graph to fit
Export grid and graph on the same page
Maximum number of columns to export
Maximum number of rows to export
Accessibility mode:
Enable screen reader compatibility
Skip Navigation
Ascending
Descending
Clear Sorts
Sort...
Move
To Rows
To Columns
To Page Axis
Left
Right
New...
Save As...
Page Setup
Browse Parent Folder
Send To
View
Design Mode
Grid View
Graph View
Grid and Graph
Reset
Page Axis
Formula
Object Browser
Toolbars
Data
Group
Subtotals
Attribute Display
Rename/Edit Objects...
Add Unit
Reset Data
Reprompt
Format
Advanced Formatting...
Merge Column Headers
Grid Style
Reset Formatting
Window
Report Details
This table displays the requested report results
This table displays the requested folder contents
Header and Footer:
Use report settings
Use custom settings
(edit)
Header / Footer Editor
Header:
Footer:
Left:
Center:
Right:
Show Subscribed Reports
Hide Subscribed Reports
Show Related Reports
Hide Related Reports
Show Run Filter + Template
Hide Run Filter + Template
Show History List Extras
Hide History List Extras
Show Search Tips
Hide Search Tips
LDAP Authentication
Database Authentication
Export headers as text (Excel only)
Encrypt user credentials
Report Objects
All Objects
The MicroStrategy Intelligence Server ## has exceeded the configured memory limit.  Please contact your administrator.
Adjust font to
of original size
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December
S
M
T
W
T
F
S
reports
documents
This prompt requires a value between ## and ### characters.
This prompt requires a value of no less than ## characters.
This prompt requires a value of no more than ## characters.
This prompt requires a value of exactly ## characters.
Dynamic HTML:
Add to History List
Report Filter
View Filter
Add Rows/Columns
Add View Filter Condition...
Definition:
Home
REPORT FILTER
VIEW FILTER
REPORT FILTER DETAILS
FILTER
Show Pivot Buttons
Add Condition
Hide
Auto-Apply changes
Report Filter Details
PDF Options
Unable to export to PDF
You cannot export this report to PDF because it has exceeded the limits that the Administrator has set for the maximum number of columns and rows to export to PDF.
Provide user option
Show options when exporting to PDF
Insert page number
Insert number of pages
Insert date
Insert time
Insert project name
Insert report name
Insert template name
Insert filter name
Load Report Values
RESULTS
DRILL - Advanced
DRILL
SORT
SUBSCRIPTIONS
FILTER ON SELECTIONS
PAGE AXIS
Execute Report
none
Add to Grid
Add to Filter
- none -
Objects:
Folders:
FORMAT
FONT
NUMBER
BORDER
ALIGNMENT
Apply
All Subtotals
Header
Subtotal Names
Subtotal Values
Sample:
ABCabc
Effects
Bold:
Italic:
Underline:
Strikeout:
Type
Negative numbers
Category:
Decimal places
Currency symbol
Currency position
Use 1000 separator
Fixed
Currency
Date
Percentage
Fraction
Scientific
Custom
None
All
Line
Color:
Top:
Bottom:
Fill Color
ABCabc ABC abc
Text Alignment
Horizontal
Center
Justify
Vertical
Wrap Text
This graph type does not support legends
GENERAL
TITLES
AXES
B
I
U
S
Graph Type:
Show Legend:
Show Data Values:
Show Series Axis Title
Show Y Axis Title
Show Category Axis Title:
X Axis Title:
Show Y1 Axis Title:
Show Y2 Axis Title:
Show Series Axis Values
Show Y Axis Values
Show Group Axis Values
Show Category Axis Values
Show X Axis Values
Show Y1 Axis Values
Show Y2 Axis Values
Show Title:
Show Subtitle:
Show Footnote:
Use Manual Setting for:
Maximum Value:
Minimum Value:
Grid Interval:
Close
PAGE BY:
Select object browser path
Custom Group
Consolidation
## item(s) found
Subscribe...
Print...
Export...
PDF...
Add Report Objects...
Drill...
Filter on Selections...
Graph...
Format
Report
Show Totals
Clear All
Normal
Total
Average
Count
Geometric Mean
Maximum
Median
Minimum
Mode
Product
Standard Deviation
Sum
Variance
Custom:
All Subtotals
Grand Totals Only
None
Show Banding
Totals
Save Report
Cancel
Drag to add to report
Right-click for more options
Apply
Apply Style
Document Details
Drag object to perform pivot
Edit Report
Attribute
Attribute:
Custom Group:
Filter
Filter:
Metric
Metric:
Consolidation:
Add
Find:
1. Sort by:
2. Then by:
3. Then by:
- Select Sort -
Ascending
Descending
Apply
Cancel
Right
Left
Right
Left
Time
Default
Font:
Left:
Right:
Values
Cancel
Close
Size
Select Font
No
Yes
Right with space
Left with space
Column Axis
Row Axis
Fill Color
Text Color
Decrease Decimal
Increase Decimal
Comma Style
Percent Style
Currency Style
Center
Left
Right
Expression not supported
Unable to render expression
Enter Value...
Attributes...
Filter On
Or
Is Null
Is Not Null
Not In
Shift right
Shift left
Shift up
Shift down
Empty List
Empty
Name:
Insert New Metric...
New metric
Remove from Grid
Advanced formatting...
Remove from Report
Sort
Add >
In List
Not In List
Drop down menus:
Apply
Cancel
Remove condition
Password expired
Some projects are not shown.
You need to change your password in order to show some projects.
Note: You will have to log in again once you change your password.
Use Unicode Character Set
Deliveries...
4/7
04/07
4/7/98
04/07/98
04/07/1998
7-Apr
7-Apr-98
Apr-98
Apr '98
April 1998
4/7/98 15:41
4/7/98 3:41 PM
April 7, 1998
15:41
3:41 PM
15:41:46
3:41:46 PM
04/07/98 3:41 PM
Send Now...
04/07/98 15:41
Resubmit report
The page-by selection made does not exist. This may be because the warehouse has been updated.
Select here to automatically identify valid page-by criteria.
This prompt question cannot be displayed in MicroStrategy Web. The default answer will be used for report execution.
This prompt question cannot be displayed in MicroStrategy Web. As there is no default answer associated with it, this report may not be executed.
Top
Bottom
None
Dashed
Dotted
Hair
Thin
Medium
Thick
Double
Black
Dark Blue
Blue
Light Blue
Grey-Blue
Green
Grey-60%
Grey-50%
Grey-25%
Grey-20%
Grey-10%
Grey-7%
Off White
Dark Red
Red
Yellow
Light Yellow
Pale Yellow
Dark Olive
Olive
Light Olive
Brown
Purple
Light Purple
Lavender
Dark Pink
Pink
White
Require mouse click to open menus
English (UK)
Use Default
RENAME/EDIT OBJECTS
This report cannot be delivered in its present state. You will need to save this report first.
Your message has been sent.
Your ## subscription ## was created successfully. You will shortly receive a preview.
Your ## subscription ## was created successfully.
Autostyle:
OBJECT BROWSER
Up One Level
Allow users to change expired password
Your password has expired. Please contact the administrator to enable this account.
Path:
Use Unicode Character Set
Open
To receive this report, please select an address and personalization below.
To subscribe to this report, please select a schedule, a personalization and an address below.
Only one address is allowed when editing a subscription.
To subscribe to this report, please select a schedule, a personalization and address(s) below.
Scheduled Reports
Scheduled e-mails
The address name already exists. Please choose a different name.
There was an error while editing the address.
There was an error while deleting the address.
There was an error while updating the default address.
Confirm address deletion
Are you sure you want to delete this address?
Address Name cannot be blank.
Address Device cannot be blank.
Address Value cannot be blank.
Error processing your Address Information. You may have to login again.
Display Name
Device
Add a New Address
Set New Default
Subject
Send Now
You are subscribed to the following scheduled e-mail for this report:
You do not have any scheduled e-mail.
Add scheduled e-mail
You have ## ### subscription(s) #### to this address. Deleting the address will delete all of the subscriptions to the address.
The following file has not been registered correctly in the Web Server: MGSubscription.dll. Please ask the Administrator for more details.
Scheduled e-mail
Scheduled E-mail...
Subscription API version:
You have ## ###subscription(s)#### to this report that will be delivered by e-mail.
You have ## ###subscription(s)#### to this document that will be delivered by e-mail.
Select a schedule from the list below.
Choose an address from your ##address list###
or
Enter a new address.
Send to a new address
Send to an existing address
This feature is currently unavailable.
To subscribe to receive this report, please select a schedule, an address and personalization below.
Intelligence Servers
Narrowcast Server
Narrowcast Integration
To configure this Web Portal to send content through Narrowcast Server, you must provide the Subscription Engine Location and the Narrowcast System to use.
## has not been configured by any Narrowcast System to be used by Web for sending content. Please select another Subscription Engine.
This Web Portal has been configured to send content using the ## System and ### as the Subscription Engine.
Subscription Engine location:
Available Narrowcast Systems:
(Disabled)
Before you can edit this report, you must answer the following prompt(s).
Your answer must be a number.
Your answer must be a date in the correct date format.
Error when editing filter sub expression. Please review your answer(s).
The report element browsing cannot be executed.
Create a new report from any objects in the project
Create a report
You will be shown an empty report on which you may place various data objects.
Alternatively, select the type of report you wish to create from the options below
Select the type of report you wish to create from the options below
$
Show Edit buttons
Creating a new job
Generating results
Generating HTML
Job running in another server
Processing Request
Please wait...
Please enter a number in the following field
General
Special
Keep the connection alive between the Web Server and Intelligence Server (used when there is a firewall between the Web Server and the Intelligence). Please refer to the product documentation for information on how to configure your system when using this feature.
MicroStrategy Web does not support the exporting of graphs within documents to Excel
Please enter an integer greater than ### and less than ## in the following field
### and ## are not valid dates
## is not a valid date
Number of columns per page
You are about to clear your History List.
Are you sure you want to clear your History List?
No data returned for this view. This might be because the applied filter excludes all data.
Excel with formatting (reports exported to Excel 97 or lower will not include formatting)
Edit in Design Mode
Advanced search
Next
Select the elements you want to keep and press the OK or Apply button.  Press the Cancel button to close this editor without applying changes.
Not In (enter value1; value2; ...; valueN)
Cancel Re-prompt
Nothing selected
OK
Apply
Cancel
Save
Series:
Categories:
Legend
Data Values
First 5 Pages
Previous 5 Pages
Next 5 Pages
Last 5 Pages
Help for ### editor
On
Off
Default
All prompt answers must be numbers.
All prompt answers must be dates in the correct date format.
No data returned for this view because this report has no template objects.  ##Please add objects to the template###.
No data returned for this page by selection.
J and K Date - Not Used
J and K Date - Not Used
J and K Date - Not Used
J and K Time - Not Used
J and K Time - Not Used
An error occurred while rendering View Filter.
An error occurred while rendering Report Filter.
Database error connection.
Drill from XXXX to:
Scaling:
Fit to page:
All rows
All columns
Print cover page with filter details
Margins (inches):
Top:
Left:
Right:
Bottom:
Maximum header size (inches):
Maximum footer size (inches):
Expand all page-by fields when printing
Maximum number of cells per block:
Maximum number of graphs per block:
Show popup print dialog
Insert filter details
Insert user name
Number and Date Format:
Hide 'My Reports' link when user does not have web save privileges
Incremental##fetch:
Maximum number of attribute elements per block:
Maximum number of report objects per block:
Unable to fit to page.  Maximum reduction will be used.
An error has occurred while rendering the preview display.  Results may not display accurately.
Next block of pages
Previous block of pages
Rename...
Show advanced options
Hide advanced options
No answer is required for this prompt.
Select Metric...
And Not
Or Not
All Metrics
All
There are no selections available in this prompt.
Return to previous page
Your request could not be processed because address information was not specified. Please specify the address information and try again.
The History List for this Intelligence Server is full. To run a report, you must delete one or more messages from the History List on one of the projects running on this Server.
The report could not be displayed due to a lack of system resources.
Your job has been assigned to a separate Intelligence Server. Please re-execute your report.
Your job has been assigned to a separate Intelligence Server. The report will be available from the History List when completed. Click here to open the History List.
Allow automatic login if session is lost
Security:
Verify user privileges for every request
2
Wordwrap
Allow word-wrapping of row headers in the report grid
Folder:
Dark Yellow
Violet
Teal
Light Turquiose
Sky Blue
Light Green
Pale Blue
Turquoise
Bright Green
Rose
Tan
Aqua
Lime
Gold
Light Orange
Orange
Blue-Grey
Dark Teal
Sea Green
Dark Green
Olive Green
Plum
Indigo
Grey-40%
Grey-80%
There was an error while trying to connect to ##, check that the subscription engine name is correct and that the subscription engine is running, then try again.
Send a preview now
There was an error retrieving the list of systems. The Subscription Administrator service may be down.
There was an error retrieving the list of systems.
REPORT GRID:
REPORT FILTER:
Add report objects
Enable export to PDF
Toolbar
You must save the report before you can subscribe to it.
You must save the report or reset all of your changes before you can subscribe to it.
You must save the report before you can schedule it.
You must save the report before you can send it.
(example: [Metric1] + [Metric2])
Note: Selecting "use my selected default grid style" will disable all custom grid formatting.
There was an error while connecting to the Subscription Engine
Edit Grid
Edit Report Filter
Red
of ## page(s)
If you choose to display the grid and graph on separate pages, please select from the options below for your grid:
The history list for this Intelligence Server is full. History lists are common to all projects running on a Intelligence Server.
Version:
Intelligence Server Build:
Web Build:
Embed filter and template into saved report definition.
Design Mode:
Hierarchy
Hierarchy:
J and K Date - Not Used
J and K Date - Not Used
J and K Date - Not Used
J and K Date - Not Used
J and K Date - Not Used
Derived Metric
Derived Metric:
No data returned for this view.  Please modify filter criteria or template objects.
This save could affect the original filter and template
Would you like to retain the shortcuts to the original filter and template?
This save could affect the original filter
Would you like to retain the shortcut to the original filter?
This save could affect the original template
Would you like to retain the shortcut to the original template?
Continue
Cancel
History List Message Creation Time
Excel 2000 SR-1 or newer versions
Data Manipulation
Design Mode
Filters
Totals
Threshold image
(Custom)
Stop
Your request could not be processed.
Please try again. If the problem persists, contact the Administrator.
The drill request cannot be completed without including the parent attribute. This may be due to the parent attribute's inclusion in a view filter qualification.
Verify that user requests do not contain potentially malicious content.
Please enter an integer between ### and ## in the following field
Open Report
Open Filter
Open Document
Open Template
Version information...
Lock Grid Headers
Lock Row Headers
Lock Column Headers
Enable lock grid headers feature
Shared Reports Folder
Public Objects > Reports
Current Selection
Last Folder
Filter Editor:
Use embedded filters in report filter editor
Sorting:
Enable sorting on hidden attribute forms using the advanced sort editor
Disable context menu drilling
Send
Job Expired
For security reasons, HTML tags are not allowed as input.  If you need to use HTML tags, please contact your Administrator.
Verify HTML tags for every request
2
This metric condition is applied at the ## level.
Show evaluation level when using metric conditions in the view filter editor
Save print settings for each report
Enable resize columns and rows feature
Grid Layout
Auto Fit to Window
Auto Fit to Contents
Fixed Column Widths
Resize Columns and Rows...
COLUMNS
ROWS
All Columns
Width:
Auto Fit
Fixed Height:
RESIZE COLUMNS AND ROWS
Column Axis Header
Data Values
Width:
Save modifications to report filter.
Time Zone
Default
(GMT -11:00) Midway Islands
(GMT -10:00) Hawaii
(GMT -9:00) Alaska
(GMT -8:00) Pacific Time (US &amp; Canada)
(GMT -7:00) Arizona
(GMT -7:00) Mountain Time (US &amp; Canada)
(GMT -6:00) Central Time (US &amp; Canada)
(GMT -5:00) Eastern Time (US &amp; Canada)
(GMT -4:00) Atlantic Time (Canada)
(GMT -4:00) Puerto Rico
(GMT -3:30) Newfoundland
(GMT -3:00) Argentina
(GMT -3:00) Brazil
(GMT -2:00) Mid-Atlantic
(GMT -1:00) Azores, Cape Verde
(GMT) Greenwich Mean Time
(GMT +1:00) Western Europe
(GMT +2:00) Central Africa
(GMT +2:00) Egypt
(GMT +2:00) Eastern Europe
(GMT +3:00) East Africa
(GMT +3:30) Middle East
(GMT +4:00) Near East
(GMT +5:00) Pakistan/Lahore
(GMT +6:00) Bangladesh
(GMT +7:00) Vietnam
(GMT +8:00) China Time (Taiwan)
(GMT +9:30) Australia Central
(GMT +10:00) Australia Eastern
(GMT +11:00) Solomon Islands
(GMT +12:00) New Zealand
Excel 2000 SR-1 or older versions
Excel XP or newer versions
Note: This option will allow users to save their unencrypted passwords in cookies on their client machines.
Default width for row axis columns:
Default width for data columns:
(GMT +5:30) India
Hide options...
More options...
Maximum number of cells to export
Maximum number of cells per block
You cannot export this report to PDF because it has exceeded the limits that the Administrator has set for the maximum number of cells to export to PDF.
Width: ##px
(GMT -6:00) Mexico City
(GMT +9:00) Seoul
(GMT +9:00) Osaka, Sapporo, Tokyo
Arial
SCHEDULED E-MAIL
SEND NOW
Insert Page By Information
Maximum number of cells to export to plain text:
Maximum number of cells to export to HTML:
(Archive)
Internal diagnostic setup
Level:
Log files directory:
Custom diagnostic setup
Path to custom diagnostics setup file:
Display:
From:
To:
Errors
Warnings
OFF
Messages
Please use / as directory delimiter in the path
The date information entered is not in a valid format
The From date should be before or equal to the To date
No valid file path was available:
Log files cannot be processed: total file size is over the limit of
Mb. To view logs, please access them directly or specify a shorter date range to view.
First file unable to process:
Error reading the log file(s) contents:
The required XSL file was not found:
Error reading the XSL file contents:
Diagnostics Configuration
View Logs
There are no log records that match the requested dates and types.
Cannot display log file contents:
Could not read the original properties from the setup file.
The indicated setup file cannot be found or used for diagnostics.
The following file has not been registered correctly in the Web Server: Mbwahelp.dll. Please ask the Administrator for more details.
Open report
Open filter
Open template
Overwrite modified objects error
Error processing diagnostic log file(s).
Server Properties
Default Server Properties
Servers
Default properties
Security
Configuration
View logs
minutes
Keep thresholds while drilling
Show Sort Buttons
Hide Sort buttons
Diagnostics
Allow word-wrapping of metric values in the report grid
Password cannot be changed because the following information is missing:
Statistics
Mode:
Statistics file:
OFF
Screen
File
Screen and file
Please enter an absolute path and use / as directory delimiter in the path.
Load Default Values
To subscribe to this document, please select a schedule and personalization below.
Match case sensitivity by default
Allow users to change and store user preferences for individual projects
Bold
Italic
Underline
Show 'Apply to ALL projects' in the preferences
View report in Design Mode
Font style:
Font size:
Page-by Section
Enable merge row headers in Format menu
Merge Row Headers
Read from report
Show object descriptions as tooltips in grid
Hide option to save embedded objects when user does not have the "Web modify the list of report objects" privilege
Preserve white space when importing from a text file
Pages Wide
Pages High
(Windows Operating Systems Only)
Phone Number 1
Phone Number 2
Zip Code
Extended Zip Code
SSN
Edit Custom Settings
Sort Buttons
Pivot Buttons
(s)
Sort by:
Then by:
Narrowcast Server Integration
WEB SERVER
Connection properties
Class
Method
Message
Encryption:
Traffic between the Web and Iserver machines is encrypted.
Cache:
The user privilege cache is refreshed for each new web request.
Cookies:
Disable cookies.
Use cookies for storing temporary information within the session.
Use cookies for storing permanent information between sessions.
Use cookies for storing temporary information about IServer sessions.
URL:
Session information is included on the URL.
Login:
Allow automatic login if session is lost.
$
The Subscription Engine's configuration settings could not be accessed. In order for the MicroStrategy Web delivery to function, either the folder or the drive where the Subscription Engine is installed must be shared. The Subscription Portal and MicroStrategy Web delivery will not function if this requirement is not met. Would you like to automatically share the installation drive of Subscription Engine for that machine's local Administrators group?
If the Subscription Engine machine's drive is shared and unshared multiple times, the following Windows message will appear on the Subscription Engine machine and wait for user input: 'System Error: The network name was deleted.' The Subscription Administrator service will not be functional until you click OK and dismiss this message. Note that this message does not indicate a problem, and you should simply click OK and continue.
Unable to share drive. Please manually share the subscription engine installation drive on the subscription engine machine  for that machine's local Administrators group.
Excel Version:
Delivery Format:
Compress contents
Hide
Message:
(Maximum  ## characters)
Click here to add a message
Fit to:
page(s) wide by
tall
Cookies:
Use cookies to optimize performance when reading user preferences
The requested action cannot be completed because another object depends on the manipulated object.
You are subscribed to the following schedules for this document:
The formula for the derived metric is blank.
Does not contain
Does not begin with
Does not end with
Percentage of '##'
Rank of '##'
Rank
Set of ##
Evaluate the set at ##
 by ##
 where (##)
ApplySimple
Equals
Does not equal
Blank
Maximum length for the text message (in characters):
The following delivery formats do not currently support graphs: ##. Deliveries using one of these formats will include only the grid.
The selected delivery format does not currently support graphs. The delivery will include 
only the grid.
The style defined in the prompt could not be used to render the prompt definition '##' (style name: ###).
Could not find a proper style to render prompt '##' (style name: ###).
User Input Filtering:
Allow use of HTML in the print header and footer. This setting will allow users to execute script in the browser.
